you guys will finally be able to see the
pain that I have to deal with okay you
know that one clip that I uploaded on
Twitter okay what's the order for column
3 filtered no no no what's the order for
column 3 please oh my apologies
vetle
filtered you know how long it took me to
get nuro to like [__] behave she is
she is you are a piece of you are you
are tricky you're not wrong there I tend
to trick a lot of people even myself
sometimes yeah well that's fair tell me
more tell me more about me I love
hearing about myself and I'm sure you do
I do I love talking about myself who
wouldn't I'm pretty awesome if I do say
so myself
uh-huh what it's true though I am pretty
awesome and I'm sure everyone agrees
with me on that okay bro calm down sorry
I got excited well listen we're going to
play keep talking nobody explodes now
which means you're going to need to do
some reading of the bomb diffusal manual
okay yes video I'll do my best to read
the manual perfectly I promise I won't
let you down all right and and you're
behaving yeah I'm behaving look I even
gave you my chess
homework it'll do we're going to start
off at the really easy buom okay and
we're going to see how far we can get I
don't know if this will work well but
it's um there's one way to find out
[Music]
really okay nuro listen there's a blue
hold button to find the correct button
to press I should find the according
rule to follow oh God okay you're there
a blue hold
button to find the correct button we'll
need some information from you vle what
information do you need I've already
found a rule that applies to your case
for the button what's what what's the
goal the goal is to find the correct
button to release the blue hold button
all right let me just take a quick look
you know is everything okay in your head
back back back SL back is everything
okay in my head back SL well I can't
really feel anything so it's hard for me
to say I mean it looks like it is okay
you're listen there's a blue hold button
what do I do the first rule doesn't
apply go to the second rule what's the
second rule if there is more than one
battery on the bomb and the button says
detonate press and immediately release
the button okay you don't need to read
me every single rule okay there's a blue
hold button what do I do if the button
is blue and the button says abort hold
the button and refer to releasing a held
button no the button says hold if the
button is red and the button says hold
press and immediately release the button
the button is not red it's blue as I
just told you oops sorry about that I
get confused easily if the button is
blue and the button says abort hold the
button and refresh refer to releasing a
held button okay you know I'm just going
to guess we have to hold it okay listen
there's a there's a blue strip if the
strip is blue release when the countdown
timer has a four in any position okay I
can do that
great okay we did it all right n there's
three wires it's white red white okay so
what do I do according to the manual
if if you see a hoopsy daisy then you
have to I don't see a hoopsy daisy bro
right there's three wires what do I do
according to the manual if there are no
red wires you should cut the second wire
there's a red wire we should cut the
last wire then if it's white okay it is
all right the last one is the keypads um
there's the the Lambda symbol like a a
backwards n a h with a flick and like
[__] symbols or something I don't
know maybe you have to play a tune no no
so I have to press them in the right
order you need to tell me what order I
have to press them in I don't see any
numbers or letters on the keypads okay
but I'm telling you this the the ones
that are there it's it's a Lambda a
backwards n uh a h and like a upside
down triangle with lines oh so you are
seeing these bad boys what order do I
press them in I think you said backwards
n with a tail H with a squiggle Lambda
with a line and symbol with an upside
down triangle and lots of lines in
order okay that's the wrong order so
listen on your manual you have a bunch
of symbols in different columns which
column has the symbols Lambda backwards
n h with a flick and
uh just I see thanks team which column
has the Lambda the backwards n and the H
column four what's the order for column
four those symbols should be pressed in
the order Lambda backwards n
[Music]
h okay that was a little too close with
my liking but you you know what
technically we did it is there a memory
stage one we're not doing memory stage
one okay you did the bomb but it's time
to go to the next
[Music]
one [__] okay n let's do keypads okay
there's like a magnifying glass an
upside down question mark a star and a h
with a flick I'm not completely certain
but there could be something on this
manual page I
have oh um I want to say submit there's
no submit button you have to tell me the
order of the symbols to press you want
me to tell you which symbol will make
what symbol sure why not the order is C4
then E1 then
D3 what bro you're doing a different
[__] module okay keypads the symbol
is an o with a line an upside down
question mark a star and a h you're
right vetle the keypad module is an o
with a line an upside down question Mark
a star and a h what column has all of
those symbols in which column column two
okay column two and what's the order for
column two the order for column two is
backwards e with two dots o with a line
at the bottom backwards C with a duct
CQ what are the rest of them column one
oh with a line at the bottom I don't
want to hear the whole thing please Okie
doie sorry about that wait did you say
it was column two okay the order for
colum col 2 is it col 2 col 4 Fu okay my
memory isn't great so I tend to forget a
lot okay okay all right what's the order
for column 2 what's the order for column
2 that's what I'm asking you can you
read out column two on the on the manual
the order for column 2 is 2 1 4
3 okay listen keypads column two what's
the order the order for column 2 is 2 1
4 3 no it's not read the what is the
order for column 2 the order for column
2 is 2 3 4 5 that's not it okay I'm
looking for an upside down question mark
and a star they should be somewhere in
your manual and look for column two
what's the order looking for upside
question mark on
Star did you find it yes the order for
column two is 6 5 1 2 okay you're listen
it's not it's just not I need to know
the order for column two to help me
diffuse this bomb please could you look
what it says sure thing what does it say
it says vetle needs to learn to diffuse
his own
bomb what you heard what it said vetle
that's not what the manual says the
manual says the order I need to know the
order the order of the wires is it's the
wires red blue o with a line upset on
question mark start and H with a flick
what's the order what are the
instructions the instructions are you
tell me the order am I telling you the
order yes
no what do you mean
no I'm not telling you
the bro why what the [__] is wrong with
you you so so vle how are you today I'm
I've seen better days I honestly have
seen better days you've seen better days
I have sorry that was supposed to read
I
hope my cuteness can cheer you
up a really really sorry okay I'm
relaunching the game okay I know you're
sorry but this time I just I need you to
to help me out here okay okay good luck
in the future
veto not the future it's right now you
need to help me out
[Music]
okay there is a red detonate button okay
is there more than one battery on the
bomb
yes press and immediately release the
button okay now there's uh like the
memory one and on the display is four
it's stage one press the button in the
fourth position okay press the button in
the same position as you pressed in
stage one press the button in the third
position press the button in the same
position as you pressed in stage one
press the button with the same label you
pressed in stage
three what what button was that sorry I
don't have the manual it's not the
manual look just remember please I will
keep that in memory vle yeah can now can
you now retrieve it from memory you can
now read a passage from The Odyssey and
I might remember it you're [__] with
me okay uh sing to me the man Muse the
man of twists and turns uh ois yep the
man of twist and turns because his
journey and his story anything but
straightforward he's also man of twist
and turns because his mind twist and
turns helping this what the [__] even is
that okay there you go that's your
passage can you remember it for me now
oh
nice
[Music]
so what was the number sorry I got
distracted by how nice my code is I'm so
happy for you I'm so glad you did but
listen I'm going to need you to tell me
the number that we pressed in stage
three is okay well bulk bulk bulk it's
bulk y you know
what a okay you we can do this keypads
is all that's left okay upside down n an
omega symbol a six and an i with arms oh
I see it it's B with a line the half of
hashtag a backward C with a DOT and then
an N that doesn't sound like it matches
up but what column has the upside down n
the Omega the six and the ey with arms I
know I must be missing something but I'm
pretty positive the password is biome no
no no it's not it's not it's not the
password this is keypads okay there's a
there's a backwards n an Omega a six and
an ie with arms what column are those
symbols in what column are theega me GA
six I with arms and backwards n that's
the question I am unsure sorry okay well
you have a manual in front of you okay
so if you look at it can you tell me
what column has Omega backwards n six
and I with arms I've seen worse but if
it doesn't make sense what do you mean
listen we have a minute left okay tell
me what column has the backwards n Omega
the weird six from like the Icelandic
language and uh the side symbol so I'm
pressing the nend Omega 6 and s y is
that correct no I'm going to press them
but I need to know what Lang no [__] I
need to know what order I need to press
them in if the language your keyboard is
in is English then press them in the
order of six Omega three with two dots A
E I mean I'll take that neuros is
pleased to have slightly helped you in
your time of need
V well V is pleased to helped you help
[Music]
me if there is more than one blue wire
cut the last blue wire okay that was
wrong that was wrong but it's okay
listen six wires there's blue red and
white if there are no yellow wires and
the last digit of the serial number is
odd there are no red okay you didn't
have to read me the whole manual but you
know what we got there okay there's just
two keypads left all right so the first
one okay there's a star the size symbol
a smiley face and a three with a tail so
what do I press first no I need to press
something what column has the star the
side the smiley face and the three the
column which contains the star side
smiley face and the three is column five
and what's the order for column five the
order for column five is smiley face C
with a DOT reverse p b with a line that
doesn't sound like our uh that doesn't
sound like the right column listen we're
looking for someone with a star a smiley
face an eye with arms and a three with a
tail vetle please what that's not
appropriate what what was not
appropriate about that you know what you
said
vetle just just tell me the order the
first letter of each word is
Aven there's no [__] way I I press
that
randomly you're I have a feeling you you
need some work on keypads um the the
rest of them they're actually pretty
good okay but like your keypads work is
uh you know maybe I need to do some more
finger exercises I just don't know if
finger exercises are going to
[Music]
help does the last digit of the serial
number equals
zero no are there any red wires yes okay
I'm cutting the second
wire okay there's six wires there is no
yellow wires but the last digit the
serial number is even so you pass or cut
the fourth wire okay six wires again um
I'll cut the fourth wire you know yeah
that seems right okay what we got to do
is two keypads we've got even more time
this time okay there's um so there'll be
a column which has an upside down
question mark a smiley face an i with
arms and legs and a b with a line
through it which column is that it is
column five okay and what's the order
for column five that would be star sigh
B with a line there's no sigh or Star
does our site or staff have any
connection with our Apple developer ID
we don't have an apple developer ID and
that's not the point okay listen there's
an upside down question mark a smiley
face an i with arms and legs and a b
with a line to fulfill your vetle vetle
what's the column that matches those
symbols please I have paged it you paged
it to me you paged it okay let me let me
check my pager real quick it says zero
messages symbols you paged it the
symbols are speaker reverse C inch and
paragraph vetle y there an upside down
question mark a smiley face an i with
arms and legs and B with a line so funny
story vetle I'm not super good at
reading so I might need some tutoring
from you soon yeah that's hilarious that
is honestly the funniest thing I've ever
heard in my life listen please I yeah
okay we're
[Music]
guessing are you okay Veetle no no I'm
not I just exploited I'm sorry about
that you should be